Part One, Main Features
  1. intelligent control with single chip and professional software.
  2. with precise battery discharge control by use of battery discharge features. Different discharge rated with different final voltage.
  3. with over charge, over discharge, short circut, over load, wrong connection auto protection. When the above mention fuctions work, it won't destroy any components of the controler, it won't burn the fuse
  4. to use series connection PWM ciruit, it is 3%0^% more effective than non-PWM ciruit when charging. to use float charging control mode to prolong the system life span; with high precision temperature compensation function.
  5 with LED to show the battery state
  6. to use industrial grade chip, it can work under evironment such as cold, high temperature, humid, At the same it, it uses a crystal oscillator timing control, the timing control accurately.
  7 to use LED display and settings, one button ca ncarry out all settings.
  8 to use FLASH memory to keep record of all the working control point, to make the settings digitalized. 
  9 with DC discharge or IHZ strobe flash discharge mode which is especially suitable for traffic light control, etc.
Part Two, System Instruction
  //to be typed in
Part Three, Installation and application
  //to be typed in
Part four, Operation Instructions
  1. Charge and over voltage signal:
    When it is well connected, and there is sunshine to PV, the green LED-1 is always bright, to show the system is normal; When the LED-1 is quick flashing, it is over voltage, please refer to Part Eight; To use PWM mode to charge the battery, if it is over dischage, it need to increase the voltage to increase charge voltage, and to keep it for 10min,. then it comes to direct charge coltage, to keep it for 10 min. to activate the battery and to avoid fulguration. It will come down to float charge coltage, and keep it. If ther is no over discharge, there will be on increase charge mode to avoid the battery lose wetter. All these auto control can assure the battery to get its best charging effect and prolong its life span. 
  2. Battery stage signal
    When the battery voltage is normal, Green LED-2 is always flashing; when it is under voltage, the LED-2 is red, then the controller will switch off the load automatically, it needs to be rechared. When it comes to nromal voltage, it will auto work again with Green LED-2.
  3. Load signal 
  When the load is on, the load LED-3 is always bright, if the load current is 1.25 times by contoller rated current for 60 seconds, or he load current is 1.5 times by controller rated current for 5 seconds, LED-3 is red with slow flashing, it is over load, controller will switch off output at once with LED-# red and quick flashing. To check the load connection, to disconnect the short circuit part, to press the button one time, it will start to work again 30 in seconds later, or to work again next day normally. 
  
Part Five, Working Mode Settings
  1. Setting methods:
    to press the power swtich for 5 seconds, the MODE will show LED flashing number, to shop pressing, to press each time there will be a     number, till thenumber you needed, and the LED number stop flashing, setting finished. Every time your press it, the LED is No. Bright.
  2. Only Light control MOde, "0"
    When ther is no sunshine the light grade comes down to starting point, the controller will switch on the load in 10 min after you ahve confirmed the signal. When there is sunshine, the light grade comes up to stopping point, The controller will switch off the load in 10 min after have confimed the signal.
  3. Light Control+time delay mode ("1"-"15")
    Starting process is the same as the above mentioned, when the load works till the fixed time it will be switched off. Time setting, please refer the following table. Light control enjoys priority
  4. General Control Mode "16"
    The Mode cancel the light control, time contorl function, output delay and related function, to keep all the other functions, to take as a common general use controller.
  5. Setting ways "17" 
    To use for system setting, it is the same aws the only light control mode, to cancel the 10 min delay function, all the others are the same. When there is sunshine, the load is switched on, when there is no sunshine, the load is switched off, and it is convenient to check the system when doing installation and setting.
  6. Output mode Instruction
    When the LED shows the setting mode figure, is "1"-"15", it is only DC output

Part Six, Working MOde Setting Table
  //to be typed in
Part Seven, Some Common Breakdown phenomenon and Disposal Methods
  //to be typed in
Part Eight, Tech Data
  //to be typed in
